HELPING CENTER
Serving agency of our church and is open Monday, Wednesday, and Friday from 9:00am-12:00pm. The Helping Center serves by providing food, clothing, and  nancial assistance to those in need. Ways to get involved include donating lightly used clothing and housewares items, volunteering and assisting with clients, praying for Sallie Ruth and the Helping Center ministry.

REFUGE
Homeless Ministry on Sunday mornings. Men and women can come to the church and get a shower, hot breakfast, and participate in worship. Needs include travel size toiletries, towels, washcloths, men’s and women’s clothing. Volunteers are needed to help with serving breakfast, greeting, cleaning and serving in the shower area, and loving on our friends.

SPIHN
Homeless Ministry that partners with our church once a quarter. We house SPIHN residents at our church for one week. Ways to get involved include providing a meal one evening, helping wash laundry after the week is over, spending the night at our facility while they are on our campus.

GOOD NEWS CLUB AT EP TODD ELEMENTARY
meets at the school on Thursday afternoons from 3:00-5:00 to teach Bible stories to  rst through third graders who are in the program. Ways to get involved include volunteering on Thursday afternoons, providing candy that can be used as goodies for the children, praying for the team and children that come each week.

SonShine Club
ministers to special needs children and adults and their caregivers. They meet here at FBS on Saturday mornings. Ways to get involved include volunteering on Saturday mornings, donating gift items that can be used to go in the caregiver bags which are given once a month.

CELEBRATE RECOVERY
a ministry that helps people that are struggling with various addictions and hang-ups. They meet every Friday evening at the Hangar for a time of worship, Bible study, and small group accountability. Ways to volunteer include helping provide a meal, praying for those that come, serving on Friday evening.

SOUP KITCHEN
A ministry that feeds the hungry in our community. Ways to get involved include volunteering to help serve the meal and donating food that can be given out or served.

St. Luke’s Free Medical Clinic
A ministry that provides healthcare to those that don’t have medical coverage. Ways to get involved include providing a meal for the volunteer doctors and nurses, volunteering to serve especially if you are a nurse or doctor.

CAROLINA PREGNANCY CENTER
A ministry that offers support, compassion, and information to those facing an unexpected pregnancy. Volunteers are needed to meet and encourage clients, and help with various duties around the of ce. Donations vary from time to time.

MIRACLE HILL
Volunteers are needed in helping with facility needs, cleaning and sorting donations, serving lunch to the residents, etc. There are also weekly volunteer opportunities for classes as well.

APARTMENT OUTREACH
Meets every 2nd and 4th Tuesday/Wednesday/ Thursday afternoon, a group volunteers with the afterschool program at Camp Croft Courts Apartments from 3:30-5:00. Volunteers are needed as we teach Bible stories, provide snacks, play games, and help with homework.

HISPANIC MINISTRY
Volunteers currently help with childcare every 2nd and 4th Tuesday evening from 6:00-7:30 while moms do Zumba with Marilyn Lankford. We also have various needs that come up with construction, food, and clothing needs. Classes can also do a block party outreach in a Hispanic neighborhood on a Saturday afternoon.

ENGLISH CROSSING – a ministry that works with internationals through teaching English and developing relationships. We have begun serving at their new site at New Life Christian Fellowship on Whitney Rd. Volunteers are needed to teach ESOL, serve snacks and greet, lead children in Bible clubs while their parents are in class.

SWITCH – a ministry working to shine the light on human and sex traf cking. Volunteers are needed for outreach times to ladies in the dance clubs, gathering gifts to give, basic tasks around their of ce, etc. ALL volunteers must go through the SWITCH training before volunteering.

WORLD RELIEF – This is a great way to serve refugees who are comingtoSpartanburg.WeareformingGoodNeighborTeamswhowill welcome a refugee (and their family) to town by helping them  nd the Walmart and other places and to get settled here in Spartanburg. This is a great opportunity to share Christ with those who may not have a relationship with Jesus! Supply kits are also needed.

Hope Ministries of the Upstate – discipleship ministry to men struggling with addiction. Volunteers are needed to help with meals, special projects around the home, lead special skills classes for the men as they grow and learn.
